today we're going to get started on our
second greenhouse wind tunnel
call it a wind towel because didn't have
ends on it yet but basically what we're
going to do is we're going to put
another one right here
and it's going to look just like that
and we'll show you how we're going to do
it okay to make a greenhouse like that
what you need is 41 in 5/8 inch top rail
poles they're ten foot long and the
reason you want the top rail is they've
got those nice little beveled ends okay
and one of the first things I did was I
cut ten of these forty poles in half and
you've got them back here and what we'll
do with these ten poles now twenty as
will pound them into the ground and will
cement the four corners in we've got
ends that are beveled in and ends that
are not beveled and the ends are not
beveled we've drilled a 1/8 inch hole to
screw it in to the bevel then when we
put that end in and with the other
thirty poles what you need is a pole
bender Colvin has worked pretty easy
they're very simple designs
this one's bolted down to our table here
and that's our bender bar when we get
close to the end of the pipe and what
you see here is a bunch of 1 by 2's that
we've screwed down to the table that's
so invent use your pole bender your
poles will rest on that as it's going
out being bent otherwise if you don't do
that it'll bend down and kind of curve
while you're bending it and you don't
want to do that
here we've bent ten of them already and
then we've got 20 more to go and that's
what I'm going to be doing next after we
get them bent what we'll do is we'll
screw we'll find a flat surface and when
then we'll screw three of these together
and then once we have our posts in we
can just pop these right into the holes
right into the other pipes
okay we're gonna show you how to build
them spend a couple pounds pretty quick
make sure you start there's a little
loop here at the end of our bender and
you make sure you make sure you get your
tripod in the right place
okay we've got our poles or pole bender
and what we're going to do here is we're
going to start it say I'll quickly bend
these poles there's a little loop at the
end of this bender and that's where you
start it you come back a little ways up
as you can see it's resting on the 1x2
so I keep it straight and once you get
to the short putting your pole extender
all right not done yet but we'll flip it
around
you want the end right there right to
the tip of this all right now we're
doing that 30 times
you